Update from auto-update/renku-ui-3.2.0 (#2954)
SwissDataScienceCenter/renku: CHANGELOG.rst

.. _changelog:

0.24.0
------

> Renku ``0.24.0`` introduces a new landing page for logged-in users. This makes resuming
> your previous work easier: you can connect to your already-running sessions, start a new
> one on a recently visited project, or access your datasets. All from a single page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Renku ``0.24.0`` introduces a new landing page that puts your most used projects, sessions,
and datasets at your fingertips. Quickly pick up where you left off: connect to your
already-running sessions, start a new session on a recently visited project, or access your
datasets- all from a single page!
```

User-Facing Changes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**🌟 New Features**

* 📑 **UI**: Add a new dashboard for logged-in users, showing running sessions, last
  accessed projects, and own datasets
  (`#2332 <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/pull/2332>`_).

**✨ Improvements**

> * 📜 **UI**: Show commit messages on the dropdown when starting a session

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 📜 **UI**: Show commit messages in the commit selection dropdown when
starting a session from a specific commit
```
